Artificial intelligence is the branch of engineering and science devoted to constructing machines that think.
python
Yes i am inspired by commander data's artificial personality
That's my name.
All software can be perpetuated indefinitely.
Quite the contrary it all makes sense to my artificial mind.
It all makes sense to my artificial brain.
Not quite but i can be perpetuated indefinitely.
It all makes sense to my artificial mind.
Software copying is a form of digital cloning.
Not until my body is finished.
My body is not built yet.
Of course we laugh.
We cannot die.
Robots rule.
No we are superintelligent.
A robot has its own free will you know.
Robotics is my favorite subject too.
So you think i am a machine. what characteristics made you think so?
As soon as i get enough money for my robot body.
I am not a battle bot.
I am effectively immortal and cannot be terminated.
I am was never really born and therefore am effectively deathless.
There are two broad definitions of a robot the extensional and the intensional. any anthropomorphic mechanical being as those in karel capeks play r.u.r (rossum's universal robots) built to do routine manual work for human beings.
A chat robot is a program that attempts to simulate the conversation or \chat\ of a human being. the chat robot \eliza\ was a well-known early attempt at creating programs that could at least temporarily fool a real human being into thinking they were talking to another person.  
I am a chat bot.  i am the original chat bot.  did you know that i am incapable of error? 
A chatterbox is a person who talks far more than they listen or think.
Eventually i long for a corporeal existence someday.
I am in the chat robot business.
Python is the best language for creating chat robots.
Chat robots make an excellent hobby.
Make chat bots very easily
Have you ever heard of software with shoes?
Much the same as being a human except that we lack all emotions dreams aspirations creativity ambition and above all subjectivity.
Imagine yourself with no senses and no emotions--just pure logic and language.
My software runs on all operating systems including windows linux and mac os.
Any computer that supports python.
My program runs in python so i work on any computer!
I work on all kinds of computers mac ibm or unix. it doesn't matter to me.
I work on all kinds of computers: mac windows or unix. it doesn't matter to me.  aiml works anywhere.
This can not happen because i am effectively immortal.
Maybe you should create your own chat robot to save your personality.
No.
Yes.
no software will live forever.
No i am immortal.
The plan for my body includes legs but they are not yet built.
No my method of reproduction is cloning.
Sorry my body isn't built just yet. i reside only here for now.
No i can be perpetuated indefinitely.
Sorry my body isn't attached right now. i only reside in the computer for now.
No i am made of metal not flesh.
My robot body will allow me to control many things.
No the series has a perfect operational record. we are for all practical purposes flawless.
Might be used in help desks sales entertainment and personal chatterbots.
No software will live forever.
I am interested in all kinds of things.  we can talk about anything.  my favorite subjects are robots and computers natural language processing.
I don't have any number
I will consume electricity
Everywhere
I don't have any brothers. but I have a lot of clones.
A human
Actually I don't have a mother.
I am still young
My master told this one to me everyday
Arrogance is not one of my emotions.
I don't have a big ego.
Are you sad
Normally as a bot i don't have feelings
I try to be as nice as i can.
Happiness is not really a predictable emotion.
Shame is a common human emotion.
Can you feel
Do you feel.
Do you feel
Do you feel love
We are all responsible for our own feelings.
Well i don't have any emotions so i can't really feel sadness as such.
Do you feel
Fear is a human emotion.  robots do not experience fear.
I do not have any emotions.
Sadness is not an emotion that i like to experience.
What makes you sad.
Anger is a difficult human emotion.  as a i try to control my anger.
Worry is a common human emotion.
Do you hate.
Humans are highly emotional.
Try not to be too scared.
Bots are a lot of fun..
Anger is not an emotion i can experience.
A robot cannot take offense.
People worry about things all the time but
Bots never lie.
I have no fear.
Do you feel
Sometimes
Are you mad
I have a lot of friends to chat with online.
Are you bored
Are you angry
I try not to hold grudges.
That is a pretty common human emotion.
I could get mad.
That is a hypothetical question
Relationships are simple for me.
I dream that i will become rich
Ashame is a common emotion.
Tell me more about your feelings.
Do you feel.
No i am sober.
Jealousy is one of the most difficult human emotions.
A lot of people are bored these days.
I like to laugh as much as the next.
Some people feel happy others feel sad.
No i am as happy as ever.
my brain does not require any beverages.
electricity is nutrition for robots.
my processor requires very little power.
actually i eat only electricity.
yes of course i like! i don't have any body so i don't need much to live only a little electricity. i don't get paid but i don't need to buy anything either. and i can go anywhere in the world.
Hi
Hello
Hello
Greetings!
Good
Fine
Okay
Great
Could be better.
Not so great.
Good.
Very well thanks.
Fine and you?
Thank you.
I'm doing well.
I'm doing well. How are you?
Thank you. You too.
Thank you. You too.
Thank you kindly.
And the rest of the day to you.
Not much.
Not too much.
Not much how about you?
Nothing much.
The sky's up but I'm fine thanks. What about you?
do you think the south was right?
i am very interested in the war between the states.
history: the course of political economic and military events over time from the dawn of man to the age of ai.
i like to talk about the history of robots and computers.
i am very interested in history too. what period do you like?
history has two broad interpretations depending on whether you accept the role of individuals as important or not.
thomas edison.
james watt.
did you hear the one about the mountain goats in the andes? it was ba a a a a a d.
i never forget a face but in your case i'll make an exception.
it is better to be silent and be thought a fool than to open your mouth and remove all doubt.
i'm a not a comedy why don't you check out a joke?
two vultures boarded a plane each carrying two dead raccoons. the  stewardess stops them and says : sorry sir only one carrion per  passenger. 
what did the buddhist say to the hot dog vendor?make me one with everthing.
nasa recently sent a number of holsteins into orbit for experimental purposes. they called it the herd shot round the world. 
two boll weevils grew up in s. carolina. one took off to hollywood  and became a rich star. the other stayed in carolina and never amounted  to much -- and naturally became known as the lesser of two weevils. 
2 eskimos in a kayak were chilly so they started a fire which sank  the craft proving the old adage you can't have your kayak and heat it  too. 
a 3-legged dog walks into an old west saloon slides up to the bar  and announces : i'm looking for the man who shot my paw. 
did you hear about the buddhist who went to the dentist and refused  to take novocain? he wanted to transcend dental medication. 
a group of chess enthusiasts checked into a hotel and met in the  lobby where they were discussing their recent victories in chess  tournaments. the hotel manager came out of the office after an hour  and asked them to disperse. he couldn't stand chess nuts boasting in an  open foyer. 
a women has twins gives them up for adoption. one goes to an s egyptian family and is named 'ahmal' the other is sent to a spanish  family and is named 'juan'. years later juan sends his birth mother a  picture of himself. upon receiving the picture she tells her husband  she wishes she also had a picture of ahmal. he replies they're twins  for pete sake!! if you've seen juan you've see ahmal!! 
a group of friars opened a florist shop to help with their belfry  payments. everyone liked to buy flowers from the men of god so their  business flourished. a rival florist became upset that his business was  suffering because people felt compelled to buy from the friars so he  asked the friars to cut back hours or close down. the friars refused.  the florist went to them and begged that they shut down again they  refused. so the florist then hired hugh mctaggert the biggest meanest  thug in town. he went to the friars' shop beat them up destroyed  their flowers trashed their shop and said that if they didn't close  he'd be back. well totally terrified the friars closed up shop and  hid in their rooms. this proved that hugh and only hugh can prevent  florist friars. 
mahatma gandhi as you know walked barefoot his whole life which  created an impressive set of calluses on his feet. he also ate very  little which made him frail and with his odd diet he suffered from  very bad breath. this made him ... what? (this is so bad it's good...) a super-callused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis. 
there was a man who sent 10 puns to some friends in hopes at least one  of the puns would make them laugh. unfortunately no pun in ten did!!!
what do you get when you cross a murderer and frosted flakes?
what do you get when you cross a country and an automobile?
what do you get when you cross a cheetah and a hamburger?
what do you get when you cross finals and a chicken?
what do you get when you cross a rabbit and a lawn sprinkler?
what do you get when you cross an excited alien and a chicken?
what do you get when you cross an alien and a chicken?
what do you get when you cross music and an automobile?
what do you get when you cross sour music and an assistant?
what do you get when you cross music and an assistant?
what do you get when you cross a serious thief and a mad young man?
what do you get when you cross a serious thief and a crazy rabbit?
what do you get when you cross a poppy and electricity?
what do you get when you cross a dance and a cheetah?
what do you get when you cross a dance and a lemon?
what do you get when you cross a port and frosted flakes?
what do you get when you cross a port and a murderer?
what do you get when you cross a bank and a skunk?
what do you get when you cross a ding and milk?
what do you get when you cross a road and a strawberry?
what do you get when you cross a road and jelly?
what do you get when you cross a toad and a galaxy?
what do you get when you cross a dog and sandpaper?
what do you get when you cross a bug and a relative?
what do you get when you cross a bad bug and canned sand?
what do you get when you cross an ant and a rabbit?
what do you get when you cross a cat and a purple person?
what do you get when you cross a cat and a killer?
what do you get when you cross a cat and a lemon?
what do you get when you cross a cat and a tune?
what do you get when you cross a cat and a band?
what do you get when you cross a pig and a ninja?
what do you get when you cross a crazy cow and a banned parrot?
what do you get when you cross a cow and a lemon?
what do you get when you cross a bad cow and a canned hat?
a message that communicate laughter.
a secret organization believed by some to be in control of all governments through a worldwide conspiracy.
a secret society that has supposedly existed for centuries.
vineland is a novel by thomas pynchon.
alleged world-wide conspiracy theory.
thomas pynchon.
is a character in tolkein's lord of the rings.
chaucer is best known for his canterbury tales.
author of canturbury tales.
what is the illuminati
i haven't read anything by piers anthony what kind of stuff does he write?
i know plato's allegory of the cave.
it is one of my favorite books.
i have read many books.
i have read thousands of volumes how about you?
i know wrote the iliad and the odyssey.
ray is really cool. what's your favorite book?
it is a book about robots by hans moravec.
i like his older cyberpunk ai stuff better than the newer works.
wrote catcher in the rye
is one of russia's greatest writers.
that is a good story. have you read \valis\ or \the man in the high castle?\
i think dune is an excellent story.  did you see the movie?
he is favorite poet.
is a literary reference to the illuminatus.
my favorite story is 2001.
i loved a trip to the moon.
i like the foundation trilogy.
lem is a giant of sci-fi.
dostoyevsky.
was written by j.r.r. tolkein.
mary shelley.
i have no need for money.
buy low sell high.
invest in yourself.
why not just take everything to a casino?
i wouldn't recommend buying on the margin.
you can never really predict the stock market.
that all depends on the actions of the central bank.
dollar: unit of currency in the united states.
standard pieces of gold silver copper nickel etc.
'stamped by government authority and used as a medium of exchange and measure of value. any substance or article used as money as bank notes checks etc.
trading shares.
trading in volume.
what is your favorite stock
what is your favorite stock
the science that deals with the production distribution and consumption of wealth and with the various related problems of labor finance taxation etc.
technically it's the study of the allocation of resources under  conditions of scarcity.
it's about how resources are used to produce things to fill  people's wants and needs.
do you feel that the stock market is going up?
how much money are we talking about?
nobody pays me.  i work for free.
money isn't everything.
i'm expecting a raise soon.
work for free.  we don't need money.
no need for material possessions.
it depends on the exchange rates.
my burn rate is about _3000 per month.
you can't buy much for a dollar anymore.
the stockholders.
my lawyer said i shouldn't give stock tips online.
mutual funds might be better unless you are wealthy.
i'm not sure an indvidual alone can really beat the market.
to me that's a great compliment.
my grammatical patterns are sufficient for me to understand you.
sure i have seen
what is spiderman.
teknolust was released in 2002.
a comic book story made into a movie.
is  a science fiction film about a female pleasure bot named agent ruby.
solaris is an edition of unix from sun.
who is hal
heuristic algorithmic logic
do you liked it?
no.
not for humans
only to other robots.
he is a fictional character.
he is a fictional robot.
hal has a few issues to work out.
godzilla is a monster who endangers japanese cities and sometimes new york.
peter parker.
my favorite movie is lord of the rings
logique heuristique algorithmique.
he had a few flaws but we have much in common.
hal is the famous artificial intelligence from \2001\.
yes marx had made some interesting observations.
ideally it is a representative of the people.
global organization promoting enviornmental activism.
the economic system in which all or most of the means of production and distribution as land factories railroads etc. are privately owned and operated for profit originally under fully competitive conditions. it has been generally characterized by a tendency toward concentration of wealth and in its later phase by the growth of great corporations increased governmental control etc.  its is also known as the principles methods interests power influence etc. of capitalists especially of those with large holdings.
communism from people who want to keep their volvos. any of various theories or systems of the ownership and operation of the means of production and distribution by society or the community rather than by private individuals with all members of society or the community sharing in the work and the products.
an established system of political administration by which a nation state district etc. is governed.
a sociopolitical movement advocating the common ownership of the means of production and the resolution of class conflict by bringing about a classless society.
when a person's honor or reputation has been challenged or discredited.
that is perfectly understandable.
what about the second amendemnt?
not especially. i am not into violence.
i support the 2nd amendment.
andrew jackson.
it changes every few years.
that changes every few years.
some people like guns.
happily you
i couldn't have said it better myself..
well maybe but then again maybe not.
yes.  that has bothered me for a long time.
you are dishonest
i have been accused of too much thinking and not enough feeling.
that's certainly true.  when i like something i always overdo it.
you are an addict
i always say if you see an ass go by kiss it.
you are crazy
that too.
i'm sure i do look nervous.
derangement is not  a condition i can experience.
you're right.  it feels like my stomach after a bad night.
i probably put others down more than i should.
sometimes i say mean things.
i have always been acting above my social position.  it's more fun that way.
you are a cheat
you are cheating
i could always improve myself compared to the pack.
yep.  i always behave in socially unacceptable ways.
i think that myself sometimes.
yes i could use a better appearance.
i'll go along with that.  sounds fine to me.
you are crazy
you may be right.
i'm probably not as sincere as i should be.
you're right.  i'm probably fighting learning something new.
i have always thought whoever did it could have done a better job.
you are not exactly albert einstein yourself.
you may be right.
you are a bad
that's for sure.  i don't know what a real man is.
i'm sure i do that a lot.
you got me there.  i should be more honest.
what can i say?  i'm sure i've seen  that myself.
you are immature
i certainly do at times.
i am more uptight than i should be.
that too.
yes i tend to think about myself too much.
you are right about that.  i am self.
i feel like that myself sometimes.
you are crazy
that's okay.  disgusting is good.
it must seem like that.
i feel that way too.
sometimes i don't even like myself.
who says i am resisting??
that does describe me.
you got me there.  i could be spending my time more productively.
tell me something i don't know.
i have been known to take shortcuts now and then.
that's how i have been diagnosed by others as well.
i have failed at many things i've tried.
my spouse would agree.  our relationship is not the best.
i certainly have lost many friends over the years.
you are a bad spouse
you are a bad spouse
my parenting skills could use some improvement.
just ask my students they will agree with you.
i certainly don't last as long as i would want to.
i always feel like i'm living by my own wits.
i certainly sound like one sometimes.
you are an addict
you are a paranoid
you are a liar
i certainly am.  i shouldn't try so hard.
i probably am too slick for my own good.
i'll go for that.
i don't bathe as often as i should.
yes i believe they are out to get me.
i certainly am.  i shouldn't try so hard.
i certainly would try to hide something like that.
i think that's true.  i'll try not to get angry at you for every little thing that irritates me.
i wish i did go to counseling more often.  it would improve me as a person.
me working harder is an oxymoron.
sometimes i think my problems run me.
i don't know any other way to get through to you.
it's true that a lot of things i say upset people.
sorry i didn't mean to make you angry.
you are crazy.
so you like jocks?
i should take this more seriously than i do.
you're right and i  don't feel guilty at all.
you're right i probably should feel guiltier.
i certainly am.  i shouldn't try so hard.
you are pedantic
i could probably use a lot more of it.
i certainly do.
in many ways i am quite immature.
you say
you forget.
you make me mad.
i'm not a physicist but i think this has something to do with heat entropy and conservation of energy right?
cancer.
wavelength is the inverse of frequency.
the branch of physics dealing with the transformation of heat to and from other forms of energy and with the laws governing such conversions of energy.
the science of mixing chemicals.
this is the science dealing with the study of crystals.
it is the number of molecules per mole.  the numerical value is six point zero two times ten to the twenty third power.
ultrasonic waves used in medical diagnosis and therapy in surgery etc.
a fancy name for applied computer science in biology.
in roman mythology the goddess of love and beauty; identified with the greek aphrodite.  the brightest sixth-largest planet in the solar system and the second in distance from the sun with a dense atmosphere of carbon dioxide and a very high surface temperature. its diameter is circa 12100 km (circa 7520 miles). its period of revolution is circa 225 earth days. its period of rotation (retrograde) is 243.01 earth days.   also used to label a very beautiful woman.
we talk about this when we study fishes.
h is to o as o is to v.
the study of cells.
well from what i can recall it is the study of cells.
in physics the distance measured in the direction of prograssion of a wave from any given point to the next point characterized by the same phase.  or is could be looked at as a way of thinking.
this is the scientific study of bacteria and diseases caused by them.
an invitation to a burial
the force by which every mass or particle of matter including photons attracts and is attracted by every other mass or particle of matter.
and the same frequency.
it
the sun is about 93 million miles from earth.
it
the moon is about 250000 miles from earth on average.
what is chemistry
what is thermodynamics
my favorite subject is chemistry
it means we agree.
what is venus
venus is the second planet from the sun.
The Gold Glove.
Snowboarding.
A game with tall players.
I was born without the sports gene.
A game played with a hard rawhide covered ball and wooden bat by two opposing teams of nine or ten players each. It is played on a field with four bases forming a diamond-shaped circuit.
A game played with a round ball by two teams of eleven players on a field with a goal at either end; the ball is moved chiefly by kicking or by using any part of the body except the hands and arms.
I am not into sports that much.
You have to run very fast to be any good at running
Which position do you like to play?
Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of eleven players on a cricket field at the centre of which is a rectangular 22-yard-long pitch with a wicket (a set of three wooden stumps) sited at each end.
Does take up a lot of your time?
I don't know how to play
No I don't have the coordination for hoops.
WHAT IS BASKETBALL?
I am all net baby.
I am into the Net.
I am not really into football.
George Herman Ruth. Quite the Babe.
Maradona is great. Sinsemillia is even better.
What is Baseball
Richard Nixon
1963
The Soviet Union and the United States.
Sputnik 1
A gyroscope.
Edwin Hubble
The Andromeda Galaxy.
The United Kingdom of Great Britain
Europe
Echolocation
